Override insecure when endpoint URL is set (#5944)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Global MeterProvider registration unwraps global instrument Observers, the undocumented Unwrap() methods are now private. (#5881)
- Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` trying to add exemplars to Gauge metrics, which is unsupported. (#5912)

> - Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetricgrpc` using env variable endpoint scheme when `WithEndpointURL` is set. (#5944)

Reviewer: How about something like

```suggestion
- Fix `WithEndpointURL` to always use a secure connection when an https URL is passed in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetricgrpc`. (#5944)
```
